Extend collection assertions with `ContainInConsecutiveOrder` and `NotContainInConsecutiveOrder` (#1963)
fluentassertions/fluentassertions: docs/_pages/releases.md

## Unreleased

### What's new

> * Add `ContainInExplicitOrder` and `NotContainInExplicitOrder` assertions to check if a collection contains or not items in a specific order and to be consecutive. - [#](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `ContainInConsecutiveOrder` and `NotContainInConsecutiveOrder` assertions to check if a collection contains items in a specific order and to be consecutive - [#1963](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1963)
```

> * Add `ContainInExplicitOrder` and `NotContainInExplicitOrder` assertions to check if a collection contains or not items in a specific order and to be consecutive. - [#](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add `ContainInExplicitOrder` and `NotContainInExplicitOrder` assertions to check if a collection contains or not items in a specific order and to be consecutive. - [#1963](https://github.com/fluentassertions/fluentassertions/pull/1963)
```

Author: Fixed
